mechanicus somebody can fix something an
auto mechanic fixes a car a body
mechanic is a professional killer I'm a
card which I think I can fix a card game
but I see what you have in the pocket
let's have ten what's up so the card you
cut to you just walked out with a
million and a quarter one hundred
percent used means they kill you when
they're done with you you know those
Middle East Dillman he said they own
half the world
he said we own the other half you're not
one of the best you are the best there's
a big difference why you know what I
consider the worst disability of all
procrastination and laziness is your
ability or talent attract us an
interesting audience right oh and tell
her if I perhaps fooled you do you want
to communicate with me my right ear
reads lips I said for thousands a lot of
money so it's not for a judge he says
now if you ever want to have your wife
killed I can arrange for that
so look before we get right into the
interview there's gonna be reveal here
with my guest Richard Turner in about
ten minutes maybe which you probably
will flip out when you find out what the
reveal is but I want to say a couple
things to you I watched his documentary
last night it's called dealt only two
documentaries have brought tears to my
eyes and you know I love documentaries
one was Sena and the other one is his
life story which is one of the most
emotional yet inspirational
documentaries have watch in my life in
the world of magicians and card
mechanics he's not recognized as one of
the best he's recognized as number one
you know you're number one when the best
come and ask you for an autograph and
picture that's who we're talking about
just to announce couple the things that
he's at recognition wise he was a 2015
and 2017 close-up magician of the year
from the Academy of magical arts he's in
the Hall of Fame at the Magic Castle and
on top of that in 1982 Siegfried and Roy
honored him with a Golden Lion award in
magic so with that being said again
there's gonna be a surprise of revealing
about five to ten minutes but I want to
introduce you a very special guest
Richard Turner Richard thanks for being
on with us you're my tainment
I am so honored to be with you here
today Patrick it's very cool
I've been so excited about this
interview so
about this interview because I am a
product of like studying people and
there are some that you studied that you
see why this person really took their
game to a whole different level
but you've been able to do it in your
profession and your personal life in
parenting and your health in so many
areas and I want to get into topics of
you know Dai Vernon obsession you know
some of the experiences with your sister
which we'll get into maybe a little bit
of Phil Ivey on what happened with him
at UK when you know the ten million
dollar issue that he had I think was 7.2
million pounds you know which one I'm
talking about maybe we're into a little
bit of that but and there's some other
topics which will happen after the
reveal but prior to doing I want you
once you kind of do a little bit of your
work and show us what you got okay and
what I am is a card mechanic and you
mentioned that term and generally the
public though card McKay you mean Carmen
Kane no card mechanic and and the term
goes back like 50 years before the
invention of the automobile and a card
mechanic is somebody who can fix a card
game
in other words I can make anybody win or
lose under just about any set of
circumstances you set before me and on
just about any type of card game which
is different than a close up or card
magician magicians learn certain tricks
for the purposes of fooling and
entertaining but those tricks will not
give them any advantage at the card
table the techniques for the card table
or literally thousands of times more
difficult to develop there's thousands
of very good card magicians there's a
dozen half dozen top world-class card
mechanics card shark card shop there's a
bunch of slang terms for it but the
bottom line when you play poker
blackjack bridge whatever the game you
want to make sure the cards evenly make
start off with so you have a deck yes I
do yeah okay so in the casinos they give
you about twenty seconds to give the
deck three shuffles got in a series of
cut so give your deck a few cuts or cuts
or show okay okay let's go just go right
into it shuffle then this is basically
casino procedure riffle riffle and then
you have u-boats called a running cut
and give it another riffle and a cut
that's basic casino procedure so the
deck should be pretty evenly mixed yes
yep yes hold your cards in your hand off
the table okay this is that look pretty
even are you kidding me do we have h two
three four five six years I step on back
in a perfect
yes what do you know that we did it okay
now I'm gonna do what's called us casino
washing I'm doing it face up and that's
for the purposes the camera can see that
the cards are being scrambled because
magicians will have what are called
shaved taper cards where the different
sizes and they can feel stick out and so
this will ruin that now I want you to
take you give that deck of shuffle okay
and just set it right here we're just
gonna shoot okay and oh okay cut the
deck in half just cut the deck cut off
half cut off half yeah give me a oh you
don't think I had you cut give me a
random number three four or five six
seven seven seven one two three four
five six seven and what's that card ten
of spades
okay tens are wild because in poker
games they have like deuces are wild
someone I'm crazy well baseball have
multiple wild cards so tense about a
panic past you shuffle that deck path
switch with me now okay
shuffle shuffle it now have you ever
played blackjack
I have 21 yes I have you see the movie
am I about the 20-month MIT students
they took on the casinos anyway I
thought the interview you're talking
about the movie with chemistry you talk
about the actual interview you did with
MIT I was on a TV show where one of
these world-renowned card counters was
gonna demonstrate how he can beat the
house and what you didn't know if they
bought me as the dealer for that sake we
film two hours never won a single him he
was so if you're a big dealer at a home
game on the house game I should lay
their luck okay we'll burn a card but
I'm gonna reverse instead of me taking
the money all the way around I'm going
to reverse it how many players should we
have at this table three five players
where do you want to sit one two three
four or five I'll sit at for number four
one two you're at Betty beignets place
you're right here number four player
five player six Benny Binion will let
you make any a bet for any amount you
like okay one two three
and you chose fourtner watches before I
take your card and this is the burnt car
to hold it back mix it do something with
those cards very quickly mix them
shuffle them
I've suffered one time put them back on
their burn card okay and you were right
here number four yeah what's your first
card ace of spades what's that card
Queen of Hearts
bingo you just walked out with a million
and a quarter but you just shuffled you
just cut you chose five players you
chose to sit at number four and you
messed those cards up right before I
took your card and I took care of
business for you see that's what a
mechanic does I fix the card game I made
you how does the Vegas feel about you
about oh they love me I'm a legend over
there they're very the people that are
in charge of catching cheaters are all
very good friends of mine so let me ask
you the opposite question the guys that
go and play new casinos cheat against
the players know the safest place to
play in the casino in the world now are
in the casinos particularly the upright
ones though you know in the in our in
the States because the gaming rules
they're what they're gaming
licences are so valuable that it's not
worth risking their license to to try to
cheat somebody now you go back before
the 1980s when the mob was more in
control that wasn't necessarily the case
now when the corporation's have come in
it's probably really the safest places
again will are in the casinos because
the security that I am us interesting
sky all the stuff they have is it keeps
it pretty safe didn't mob ever contact
in 280 saying hey Richard can we strike
a deal together do some oh you already
wanted you know yeah I have so many
bumps do you really I want to get into
it why don't you share a couple than
with us okay well it started in about
1981 okay in 1982 I was on a show called
that's incredible so people saw me all
over the world and then the mobs
mob people saw if they can skills dollar
signs there's one guy first approached
me and he wanted me show him what I
could do he was a mechanic and I showed
him he said I'll give you $1,000 state
can work for me this is 1982 so I saw
thousand all day were good money back
then
then I said no things he said two
thousand a day again I politely refused
then he said how much will it cost to
buy it
that was actually that's exactly what it
said how much one I cost to buy it and I
flashback to my memories of the movie
Godfather were you know the guy wakes up
with the horses
bet he made a big deal he couldn't
refuse and so I I said no thanks and
that guy followed me around for about
six years trying to get me to work for
him and then twice I watched him on the
news with he and one of his New York
partners hauled off to jail because one
of the operations were were was raided
another offer came from the Middle East
started off with a phone call very
strongly accented voice wanted to talk
to me about doing business and I said
meet me aboard the boat where I was the
nightly entertainment I get aboard a
boat and there was five men of Middle
Eastern descent only one spoke English
the interprets at hear the boss and then
three other guys didn't say anything and
they said they threw a stack of bills on
my table so let's see what you knew of
those cards so I sat down I started
showing how I could win and some of the
things that you and I were doing and
then he says we'll give you ten thousand
dollars a week come to the Middle East
and play cards for all money it was
apparently there was a lot of Texans
that played deal would have boiled
involve involvement with the oil
business obviously and there was a lot
of high state games they were playing
they wanted me to control which
direction the money went and I said no
thanks you go he was irate with reason
what you're turning down ten thousands
of dollars a week I said yep we argued
he talked to his boss his boss was mad
at him he's mad at me and so and they're
arguing back and forth then he said how
about twenty thousand a week and I said
nope they argued again now his boss is
getting really mad at him for not
securing a deal he goes thirty thousand
finally said how about a million dollars
now he didn't say if that was by the
week but I did say no and they were so
irritated
they had just received their food they
threw down their forks their
pull-through down in their napkins and
threw another stack of bills on my table
and left and when I got when I got the
bills I thought they're all like ones or
fives it was a stack of $100 bills so I
still had a good night didn't have to
compromise myself another person I'm
very wealthy very successful and we were
in his beautiful mountaintop mansion and
I was telling him about this offer I had
from the Middle East this million dollar
if I had from release and he told me
don't take it he said in a situation
like that you'll be a hundred percent
used you said you understand what I'm
trying to tell you Richard and for those
that know a hundred percent use means
they kill
when they're done with you I told him I
know what it means he said you know
those Middle East Dillman he said they
own half the world
he said we own the other half he said we
can arrange to have these card games
take place in the United States and
we're back here and you know I thought
to myself that one I thought wow I'll be
100% used a Mountie buried in that
foreign dirt now if you want I can even
tell you the scariest offer but it's
gonna take a couple minutes I want to
hear it tell us I'm on a flight headed
to performance and he was paper rattling
next to me off so this guy lowers his
paper says hello mr Turner I want to
talk to you about doing a little
business together and I thought how this
kind of what flight I was on how did he
know what seat I was sitting in anyway
he was a diamond broker from Sun City
South Africa and he wanted to offer me
two to three hundred thousand dollars to
play cards in these games there's a
large Jewish community he was his mother
was Jewish his father was Italian and he
wanted me playing these games to once
again control the direction of the money
and we had a conversation and it was
nice to be flat he was flattered to have
someone recognize you and talking in the
plane land I thought that was the end of
it that was just a beginning I'm in a
hotel I just finished do we did a lot of
media I just finished some television
appearances and then I let my show and
now I'm in my hotel and the phone rings
answer the phone he goes Richard it's me
diamond I'm downstairs let me buy you
dinner I I nicknamed a mr. diamond
because he was a diamond dealer so I I
called our chauffeur his name was IRA
and he took me he said take me down to
the restaurants rest a hotel's
restaurant go down there and he said
Richard have a seat he didn't offer to
stand or shake my hand he just have a
seat in it
IRA left he held his hand up in front of
my face said I know your version duh
well you know shaking hands and I
thought how did he know I didn't like to
shake hands it wasn't because I was
weird or quirky is because the moisture
sweat from other people's hands affects
my touch with the cards so you know if
someone was sweaty or whatever that
would that would
diminish my touch so that's what was the
reason how did he know that well not
even half a dozen people know that so
then he said hold out your hand and he
handed me a five carat diamond pinkie
ring back then the gamblers were these
big old pinkie when he said mister the
first guy mentioned he had a big old
China one of these a marble he says
we're $70,000 is it's a gift a token of
my good faith and I knew if I accepted
that ring I would be owned by him I gave
it back said thanks but I'm not all that
hard on jewelry and so then I'm on the
road again I'm in another hotel I walk
in another place another City walk into
this bar sitting at the bar again it's
diamond he goes Richard let me buy you a
drink
how did he know I was gonna be I didn't
know I was gonna be walking in here so
we sat talked we sat us though what the
little were those little - man
booze he's across any he goes now you're
in the martial arts martial arts and he
casually put his hand on my shoulder
he said now if he reaches across there
like it was a small table he put it out
on my shoulder if you and they meet you
I should take the punk and then I'll see
grab my head but you know behind me my
head it went to just drive my my nose
into his forehead his way to do as you
think your thick skull on you driving in
the punch nose call it what you want
Glasgow kiss West Texas takedown he says
sometimes if you're lucky the punk could
bite through their own tongue and now
I'm scared of this guy and then we were
getting ready to leave you said here
you're in the entertainment business
perhaps you'd like to be on The Tonight
Show with Johnny Carson take this this
is Johnny Carson's business number his
personal number and this third number is
an answering service just leave a
message that you called and I'll get
back to you I had no way of directing
him comfort directly so I got home and I
went to a friend of mine who was
involved with our crowd school's name
was Chuck Curtis and he was the captain
of one of most successful SWAT teams in
the history of law enforcement he dipped
down a number of serial murders included
David Allen Lucas and he said with these
mobsters being following you need to be
able to protect yourself and you need to
have a handle a gun and of course I was
looking for a Larry of guns so anyway it
speed up the story for you so he had me
for six months out on the sheriff's
I arranged you throw a rock at the
target I'd aim and fire in the army with
a Walther PPK James Bond I'm a choice
and then I realized I can't take the gun
on the plane I had to chat that back
then you had to put it in a locked case
that the airlines had the key to and
then that would be very dysfunctional so
I'm in another city again diamonds there
invites me to have dinner with him and
he goes you know he tells me how it
costs him four hundred thousand dollars
to buy off a judge for a murder he had
committed and I said for thousands a lot
of money says not for a judge he says
now if you ever want to have your wife
killed I can arrange for that I can make
that happen for you he did he said
there'll be an accident
he said there'd be an explosion boom he
said no one would know you were behind
to kill it he said I just wanted to let
you know that's another service I can
provide now I was route this guy really
scary but that's half the story the rest
of the stories even more interesting but
I told too much already didn't take it
too much time Wow so your your ability
or talent attracted some interesting
audience right there yeah and that's
that's that's four out of a dozen
interesting stories I think this may not
be a bad time for us to make the reveal
what do you think if we kind of let the
audience or do you want to wait a little
bit is that okay we thought why not want
to make the reveal well I see with my
mind and my fingers it was 1963 I was
told you will eventually lose all your
sight he suddenly can't do anything
about my vision started going south when
I was nine my sister Laurie and I both
got scarlet fever we don't know if this
is what caused it but it was the only
thing that was the commonality between
the two of us and then my retina first
my macula started dissolving which is
the center part of the retina was so
within or overnight within minutes
almost there was like a hat in front of
my face oh and then out of the hole when
I started losing the blood started not
going to the rest of the retina and so
the my best corrected vision out of the
corner was 20 over 400 which is twice as
low as what's considered legally blind
then that hole eventually encompassed my
entire retinas or the whole retina has
been destroyed and so that's why my
touch is so fine is that the neural
network that went to the visual cortex
is now focused on the touch areas of the
brain so that's a kind of the cool thing
now what are the odds of you and your
sister though and both of you took your
life and you you didn't use that as a
crutch to say hey because of this I'm
doing this you still push the envelope
so I've read a lot of stories mythical
stories about Bo Jackson right just go
Jackson jumped over 40 you know foot
this and jabo Jackson ran a 40 in this
fast and bull Jackson did this when he
was a kid some of the stories I hear one
of your friends was talking about the
stories that you were buying a
motorcycle and you would go and you
would go climb in and he want you to
tell my some of the whomp things you did
a grown up I've had a bunch of surgeries
because of my high impact living well
I'll tell you the motorcycle story I
came up with a great idea for the blind
and deaf driver so I bought a motorcycle
and I had a friend named Jim plows and
had another friend who was deaf named
Roy ottoman he was my auto mechanic he
would sit on the back and say big old
strong guy but the high speaky voice
look like green light and one day we
were pulled over for suspected armed
robbery there was a Winchell's donor
shop that was held up and we fit the
profile
and so we're pulled over and then there
were there was only one small
discrepancy with us being the suspects
the getaway driver wasn't blind his
accomplice wasn't deaf and once we
proved to the cop that we couldn't see
the lights flashing to hear the siren
blasting I received a ticket for driving
while blind he let us drive away and
then he says you better hope you get
judged Lord then when I went to court
they switched judges right when it was
my kitchen I was scared this last time I
motor rode my motorcycle I thought what
am I gonna do of it and I went up to
judge Church I'm so sorry I I can't get
a license because I can't see because
what you can't see to get a license
well-paced dismissed I said it he
totally looked at the opposite point of
view
I thought yelling what's happening you
driving a motorcycle when you can't see
where you going this technique you might
well you can't see well case dismissed
anyway so and then I yeah I started the
martial arts March 5th
1971 and we had one of the toughest
karate schools in the country actually
and anywhere in the world and to get a
black blood under my cot instructor John
Murphy you had to fight a 10-round out
with a fresh opponent each round he
figured if a boxer can go ten rounds
with the same guy he's gonna do the same
thing except you're gonna have a fresh
fighter every round so it'd be like
alley going Fraser Holmes Foreman and so
on and they're all black belt or going
up it's a jet black belt and they come
fresh to you for three or four for those
around a for three minutes each one
exactly and so it took me 13 years and
three months of training before I was
ready to take on the ten fighters but to
start off with my foot one in my first
test I had to fight five two-minute
rounds and he had his testing across the
border in Tijuana because he didn't want
to deal with lawsuits hmm and so's
across the border because it wasn't
really my almost like cockfighting you
know to be perfectly frank and put it
enough there because it was very radical
and we're bare fists and there was very
very few rules we respected the knees
only place we didn't shoot were the
knees and we worked up in a mouthpiece
anyway so my green belt test which I had
fight ten too many guys and I was it was
August 2nd 1973 it was 105 degrees
outside with a 90 plus percent humidity
in the dojo was this solid brick
building blocks the Met block building
30 by 50 foot no windows no air
conditioning not even a fan one door to
go in and out and there was like 75
statistics sadistic spectators all
crammed on benches because they always
like when these blood baths came you
know they came there to watch the
bloodbath and I got so beat when I was
done I was drinking out of a Tijuana
toilet and I my fine comes in who's
there attention for his black belt that
day he goes you realize you drinking out
of a toilet and I'm going just gasping
for Erick's I couldn't breathe I didn't
care but so anyway that caused me to
realize
if I'm gonna overcome asthma because I
had asthma and fear can trigger an
asthma attack
you can't fight if he can't breathe so I
started putting myself in crazy
positions and Jim Bowers is that was
there for a lot of it as was a whole lot
of other friends the odd climbed
thousand foot cliffs we climbed the tops
of split mountain 80 hundred miles
outside of San Diego in the desert there
and that was there's a whole bunch of
stories just there I learned to swing on
the trapeze Bob Yorkist very dear friend
wonderful man he's 86 years old I've
done more stunts and anybody in the
history of Hollywood and he had a whole
circus in his backyard and I lived with
him in the early in the 1973 73 74 75 76
in that timeframe I learned to swing on
the trapeze take high high high falls ID
tightrope around the rim of multi-story
building tightrope tightrope Oh
tightrope aha would you like this prior
to being blind or did this happen this
oh no this is after I'd ask is were you
pushing the envelope your entire life
from the day you born I was this is not
a new thing you were wired like this
from day one you wanted to push the
envelope when I was five years old I got
a lot of attention because I have a debt
Achmed photographic memory there's no
such thing as a photograph but I have a
debt agree and I took a I did a picture
that I saw in National Geographic with a
pay finger pay and they're going look
Ricky didn't they're all stunned and so
our first second third grade that was my
kind of my identity was my ability to
paint draw and and so I always pushed it
and I always wanted to be good at
whatever was then of course when the
vision started one's self then obviously
couldn't paint draw anymore and that
kind of you know at first there was some
rebellion that took place and but then I
joined I graduated high school early and
I joined a theater company and my
director was a man named Steve Terrell
he was a TV and movie star back in the
50s early sixties when of the Stephen
King his late win was later latest books
at 11/22/63 about the assassination of
Kennedy he references the movies as
Steve Terrell were in in his latest book
called drag strip girl starring Steve
Terrell
would sit there and watch me well first
of all he taught me how to play the part
of a sighted person because I'd be on
stage and I'm interacting with another
actor and I'm looking like this because
I had no forward vision so play here's
the Hat so I'd have to go like this and
look out of the corner of my eye to even
see where your silhouette was yes and so
any goes in here in the director or he
was the director here and whether
assistant directors were going you're
not here I'm talking it doesn't look
right to dad see Rick Rick can you look
at the you're the person you're talking
to because from audience point of view
it doesn't look make sense why you're
talking this bushy looking over here so
he taught me how to play the part of a
source watch what are skill to learn and
I had and I had to learn it in different
ways because there's different visions
there's close-up vision there's you know
so if I'm if I want to focus on
something that's five feet away that's a
different look than if you're looking at
something that's 50 feet away you know
there's you know your your eyes or just
so I had to train myself to give that
impression when I'm looking at somebody
that's five and half foot away like you
are versus somebody that's ten foot away
anyway so and then he would see me watch
me before and after who scenes I'm
sitting there practicing moves all the
time and he goes you love cards he said
if you become the best card man in the
world
you were earn the respect of others and
that will open doors for you when you
her earn their respect doors will open
he quoted the old papaw so Paul who said
run the race to win become the best so
are those words stuck in my head and so
that really kind of was one of the
foundations for my obsessive focus so I
started putting in an average of 10 to
20 hours a day a day a day and I average
practice day was 14 to be perfect for
honest though a load day would be 10
hours average was 14 but every day I get
up at 60 to go to bed at 3 and I would
have practiced for a full 20 hours 21
hours the only time I was not practicing
is when I was training or fighting
that's the only time their cards were
not working or even when I shower I had
water proof cards when I be in the
Pacific Ocean
I had cards with me well your wife told
the funny stories she told her friend
which this is one of the funniest part
of the documentary she said one time
you know Richard and I were making love
and while we're making love Here I am
shuffling the cards she hears this my
hand with that one hand was free so you
know what why wasted opportunity to
release one hand practice so so the the
obsession I'm curious if we get into a
little bit of obsession maybe you know
what before we get into once you show
one more do you want to show one about a
truck of yours okay um this deck has
been shuffled a bunch of times here but
we deal my favorite game which is
seven-card stud I'll show you how far I
can push the envelope okay give me
another okay we moved out here oh this
card's out of your way how many players
should we have five five players where
do you want to sit one two five one five
and one so right out of the chute this
is you one two three four five you chose
this one number one mm-hmm now watch
this I want you to take these cards I
want you to mix them up okay and then
pull out a stack and hand them to me I
don't want you to give me the whole deck
back guy and we'll have you do this each
time we go around the table to make this
as impossible as possible so just mix
them up and then pull out a stack and
put them in my hand okay and I think we
left one we have player two player three
player four player five now we have the
door cards what's that card jack of
spades take them back mix them up you
have the whole deck books maximum with
retic the whole deck with that yes and
then hand me any part of the deck you
want so you could do everything you can
to make this like I said as impossible
as possible and the point is people say
how can you tell what card is in this
case even if they were face-up and you
can see every card coming off the deck
to control it in this instant what's
that king of clubs post cards go
together mix them up have me any part of
the deck you want and we will see what
we can here we're playing seven stud we
always play what's called high Chicago
that means high Spade in the hole splits
the pot I have me a random stack of
cards again and we have player two we
have player three player four player
five player what is you what's that
Queen of Spades Jack Queen King how are
you doing this I'm doing pretty good so
you yeah but you're how you making it
happen I have no idea because I'm doing
this is actually pretty interesting
cuz this is different if you have
control of it the entire time that's one
thing but you are doing everything you
can to screw things up and we have
player two player three player four
player five you chose number one what's
that come on where does it come on it's
a sub diamond how did you do that come
on go Patrick go oh my gosh hand me a
stack there you go oh he's getting
stingy that's three cards less than last
time
okay we have player three player four
player five now the last card they
called the expression down-and-dirty
this is where it came from this game one
two three four put that last card with
the rest of the stack okay once again
you shuffled you cut you chose five
players you chose to sit at the first
position and you shuffle each time and
hand me a random part of the deck after
you mix them we're playing seven stud
high Spade in the hole splits apart
let's see what you have in this hand
again what's that card ace of dollars
what's that queen what's that King
what's that Jack so you're sitting on
what we would be a the equivalent of an
inside straight only one way would fix
it what's that King of Spades a pair of
kings that's good
what's that ten of clubs ten Jack Queen
King ace ace high straight we were
playing high Spade in the hole splits
the pot with that a half the pot but you
shuffle do you cut you chose how many
players you chose where you wanted to
sit
especially with there's money involved
my gosh so you did everything you could
to slow it to try to mess me up and
sorry but you were the big winner so you
should be happy yeah but this isn't this
is insane here am i and my mentor was a
man named die Vernon
I mean die Vernon die Vernon is the guy
that he he tried to Dini his wife right
and her wife and his hold on the card or
you know and right the by the way this
is what he said about you having seen
countless number of card experts
executed for over 80 years
I consider Richard Turner to be by far
the most skillful he performs the most
difficult moves with the greatest ease I
doubt if anyone can equal him he does
things with cars that no one in the
world can do no one this is diver Anna
saying this about you you I know it's
pretty darn cool I have to say and and
for those in the business know who he is
for a century the whole 20th century he
was the most influential person in the
whole area of magic sleight of hand
close-up magic gambling work and he kept
making it come back to the top okay take
all these cards turn them one direction
turning one who put us with it more -
demora okay yeah and and put the rest of
the cards back with them but in other
words put the deck back together you
want me to turn the cards oh no leave em
all faced up make sure all the one
direction yes okay okay yeah die Vernon
had very nice things to say about you
yeah and he was born in 1894 yep he
lived to be almost 100 years old my wife
him and I threw him his 98th birthday in
1992 you want the cards up you want to
face up or no why not face up okay name
a card tink apart take out the Kings
okay take out the four cubes okay you
know while you take out looking all the
kinks all take out all four key guys
but yeah anyway Vernon took a liking to
me back in 75 and I became the recipient
of a century worth of his most guarded
card-table artifice you got your Kings I
did yes and what he would do and which
was kind of unique and bought to my
attention later hand him to me they said
what's your favorite suit spades what
take this bait okay okay I'm just for
now and she won't even sit there for a
minute okay so he would when he would
describe moves to me because I couldn't
see what he was showing me he tricked me
he didn't scribed them to me in the way
that he could do them or the way that
anyone else has ever been able to do
them but he believed in naturalness in
doing things in a way that you don't
think something is happening and so he
described them in a perfect manner and
he would say it Richard this is how it's
time he put the deck in my hand in and
in his hands and you'd and I'd get us
really close and try to get an idea and
then I'd touch his hands and so he
showed me this is how it should be done
and owned and I spent thousands of hours
tens of thousands of hours working on
many different moves techniques controls
and it wasn't until years later that he
admitted to
he made them up he did not think they
were possible to do that way he did it
just to see what this obsessed kid would
come up with because he would see that I
would put in 10 15 20 hours a day and
then every time he'd see me he would he
would go that's it and what you just saw
there when I first would the 100 I
wedges still that stud stud him I was
worth a Magic Castle in Hollywood and I
said professor what do you think about
combining this with this and this
because I thought this is the ultimate
this is the most deceptive ultimate way
to control the game and he goes it's not
possible he said your brain can't work
that fast your hands can't be that
sensitive you break rhythm it won't work
it can't be done say that that's we said
to be I'm standing I'm standing he's
sitting to the if the bars the bed yes
I'm standing there going and I was
depressed I said that I was I was going
oh bomber he says it can't be done but
it's the ultimate it's perfect answer
about ten minutes I was depressed then
all of sudden I thought hold it but I
can do it
I said professor come watch my show and
so he came to the we watch my show at
the castle there and they came on goes
rats or what the hell were you gonna
know I don't understand luck - how am I
gonna I said remember when you said you
can't do this that that's what I in any
way for the next 18 months everybody
that came over came over max come out
watch this max watch it shuffle the
cards how many players real and he would
you're on and on and over and over and
then two years that later he goes I
understand how you can do that so even
those exactly what I'm doing
he can't do what you're doing no no
seriously he keep that diverting
couldn't do what you did almost
everything I do in my show the
techniques and the methods that I'm
using it's very exclusive there you
won't see it done again Wow
I'll show you some moves see that
there's your King of Spades yes now I
want the King of Spades this is one of
the things that Professor show to be
with you we deal cards around the table
watch face up so the card stays as the
second card is down but see this
particular second deal it's actually
named after me it's called Turner sweep
second but what I have to do is my left
thumb must apply the precise amount of
pressure to push over exactly twenty two
point six thousandths of an inch and
that is the and that's the caliper of
the two cards see exactly two cards and
so and then my right thumb
it only has a 60 64th of a second as its
sweeping across the deck here to engage
that second card and then deal it out so
just it's only that blink of a moment
now I'll do it see because you figure
out what type or bottom which your that
second card it's the second card your
your other kings are still on the bottom
same and here I'll do it Mike yeah I'll
do it real slow really be to slow it
down get some more cards back you're all
right
and nothing I do is based on math it's
all based on finger control yeah
fingertip control and touch see that
card you King let's see if I do this
really really this is this is one of the
first second deals that I that I came up
with whether you do it really really
really slowly you turn it face up so you
can see it more clearly see but you have
to deal the card second card is neatly
see learn would talk about really you'll
relax to create read natural grip and
see here's here's one handed
now when the cards face down she was
face down it's hard to tell that you're
being taken but that's that's dealing
seconds anyway so he kept showing me
move after move after move and and he
would describe them to me in a way and
so I developed them only to find out
that he couldn't do him that way and
others people couldn't do him that way
and a lot of the times he just thought
they were it was flat-out not possible
to do it that way say number ten to
twenty ten to twenty yeah pick a number
okay seventeen okay I'm going to try cut
with one hand seventeen cards come on
come on
well we kind of will find out
on two three four five six seven eight
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 come back okay
come on I mean how could you do that
okay we in one hand that I just said at
one second game in two maybe try this
for intent do you have our numbers at
the same time one two three I got that
one Steve that's ten cards one two three
four five six seven eight nine
okay put them back on the deck face down
okay now take the deck and cut it cut
half the deck and put the other half on
top cut it and finish it okay now
because people are always asking why
would you waste your time developing a
touch like that I'll show you one of the
purposes give me a number of players in
Accardi one three four five pick a
number for you and my partner you I said
at one two three or four to four and two
okay and once again as we mentioned
earlier the way you're allowed to
shuffle in the casinos a deck has to
stay based on the tape by riffle shuffle
and it's because you know it's the
hardest way to control if you're going
to control for players second position
take the deck so you don't think I'm
doing anything dirty
do you like card off the top face up
player one right here okay and I think
you chose Kings and your player number
two face up with card right here what's
that card that's king of clubs for Drina
parts player three right here and player
four start here again player one number
two is you
that's that card three okay
player four okay keep circling the table
player one tell us what number two is oh
my king again they start very big time
they're how she makes the last one ten
no the next deal the next card out of
curiosity King of Spades I missed so let
me let me explain what half I shuffle
your cards back in the deck exactly
where you chose every fourth position
starting at number two but I missed one
of those shuffles by the thickness of
eleven point three thousandths of an
inch and that's why that one card was
off by one that one car was out by one
card so I explained how and what
happened there so listen obviously a lot
of our viewers are entrepreneur but
you're also not
to preneur yourself because as an artist
you've found a way to monetize this and
this is what you don't for living for
many many are so hard to find a way to
monetize your ability and and monetizing
a close up act is different than like
David Copperfield because he can put ten
thousand people in an audience before
mine
it's intimate nowadays we have video
projections so when I toured China where
we mentioned you know they had the most
I was are the most beautiful theaters in
the world I'm in the screen that my show
was projected on was four stories tall
and tall and five storeys wide but how I
made it viable for me is I became an
asset an added asset to my performing
venues in other words I was hired to
entertain but as an added bonus I got
them what is known in the industry has
earned media you probably know what that
means I got them I got their name
mentioned in primetime television
worldwide television news paper figures
magazine cover stories so I would have
long-term running engagements I had one
engagement that went 2100 90 days in a
row that's seven days seven nights a
week performing six years straight and
it's because whenever I got them well
Ripley's that's incredible and I always
made sure they mention the places I was
performing in and on those shows or all
the different media so they got very
expensive advertising just because I was
there and I replicated that in a number
of different places over the years and
that's how I made it more viable and of
course now with projection now I don't
need to do that so much I had people say
there's no way you can make a living and
they were they were looking they were
looking down at me he's he wanted you're
crazy if you think you can make him
adjust by the decade call make a live
with a deck of cards and so I had I
actually had it all calculated out
probably two or three years before I
actually did what I did when I got that
first long engagement from 1979 to 84 on
that riverboat and that changed the game
not changing there was a story saying
how when you were seven years old you
liked to watch a show maverick because
the guy would do magic tricks and you
would sit right in front the TV and your
mom would say hey what are you doing
Richard and is that word the fascination
came from for you from that movie watch
is that what it was for you yeah it was
a TV show called maverick starring James
Garner it was a West
and he was a gambling he was a card
player the card shark and sometimes
there would be people at the table
trying to cheat him he had out cheat the
cheaters and I thought he was so cool
and so I wanted to be a gambler like
maverick we were very poor we had four
games we had monopoly checkers chess in
a deck of cards and I was the oldest one
thing about the oldest I had this thing
about I didn't like to lose so when we
play cards for M&Ms when we get a nickel
and were able to get a deck I pack the
M&Ms
so we play cards for M&Ms and the red
being the most valuable the brown being
the least valuable and I wanted all
those M&Ms for my sisters and so we we
play cards and I started noticing if I
tell myself one extra card I increased
my percentages like by 20% and so I
started coming up with these ways of
giving creating an advantage and that's
kind of where the obsession started in
my sisters we're told her four
girlfriends
my brother's so good he never loses and
that just encouraged me to keep
developing more and more things your
sister she said she lost her vision a
year and three months after your
something yeah yeah hers was a couple
years after my but we both I was nine
she was five when we both got scarlet
fever what did the odds of that by the
way like whatever doctors say when that
happened what our whole in elementary
school was in quarantine and they gave
them an antidote or and we had to take
something else and we don't know and the
thing is that's the only thing that they
can figure that cause the vision to go
south because of the exact same thing
happened to both of us and for me I was
in my fourth grade class teachers ride
mrs. Gaston riding on the chalkboard and
all of a sudden the chalk just got like
someone took a raishin smeared it it was
just at I'm going I'm trying to I and
then I looked down at my book and I
couldn't see the pram one and I miss yes
and I can't see the chalkboard and sent
me to the nurse and so that's what
happened with me and my sisters same
thing within 60 seconds it's like a lens
on a camera just went fuzzy on you you
know I noticed one thing is when I said
with people that become the best at what
they do not just one of the best but the
best that what they do like you're not
one of the
you are the best there's a big
difference right almost every one of
them that I talked to there was
something happened that was extremely
painful growing up and I think it
happens to a lot of us right when it
happens imagine God if you believe in a
higher power or you know if you believe
in Greek mythology like you're being
tested to see how you're gonna react
because this is your chance for the
world to know that it could be the best
that's something every one of these guys
has a very difficult story in that
moment when we're being tested
you shared a few of them in a
documentary what would you say some of
them were I know you said one of them
your mother once you had a book so close
to your eyes you were reading and your
mom said do you have to put the books up
close to you and you remember that when
you explained that how many more of
those instances happen that stayed with
you well a number one of them that
stayed with me was we were forced to
watch a movie called Lord of the Flies
back in the second grade third grade
fourth grade it was about a group of
boys that were stranded on an island and
they be they became savages and there
was one kid on the one kid on the island
called piggy he was chubby wore glasses
and he had asthma and the other kids end
up they go off in teams and they end up
taking Kip piggy and they end up killing
him and I was always afraid of turning
out like piggy you know cuz I would
except I was skinny blind and had asthma
and then there was another show called
lost in space
Jonathan Harrison playing mr. Smith and
he was always the coward hiding behind
this rock while this goofy looking
monster would come up while their little
ten-year-old Billy Mumy goes and saves
the day and I was always afraid that I
was gonna be like that coward and I in
the same thing with Tarzan movies I'd
watch Tarzan movies and they were always
a scene where they're going across a
tree that fell across you know some cang
and that's a thousand feet below and
then someone would always stop go
whatever you do don't look down and then
there's always the one person that stops
and looks down you know screaming to
their death what if I'm not coward and
so it was because of the fact I can't I
can't see how am I gonna be able to deal
with things out how's a woman you're
gonna want to deal with want to be with
a guy that can't see and it caused me to
flip and just go all the way to the
other extreme and I took extreme risks
wrestling seven-foot sharks - oh well
did you say wrestling seven four
sharks yeah you want that story give it
to me I love shark hunting and we go out
off nine mile island which was about
well that was off of the San Diego point
into Mexican waters it would pour blood
in the ocean and I was always the poem
and I'd have a Marlin pulse Marlin pole
with a 12 foot steel lead 120 40 pound
steel leader 120 pound line and the
shark starts circling and then they
would grab your bait and take off they
not to pull the rest of the 12 feet by
hand because he couldn't go through the
other thing then another friend we
called him gaffer he would gaff the
Sharks in my van tranh D dick he was our
shot shoot his shooter he would shoot if
she can't kill a shark once it's on the
boat and we had these red snapper heads
and guts tied onto the back of the boat
in the seven-foot blue you start
chopping on those things so we pull that
that rope in grabbed a gaff and gaff him
put a bullet in him but he's not dead
because he only put it in the middle so
I said hang on to him so he's holding
that shark by the head and I reach in
and I grabbed them I figure if I can get
a noose around his tail we won't lose
him so I'm sitting I'm sitting there
trying to muscle the darn thing with one
arm
who lives the other hand I'm trying to
tie a noose on his David I thought it'd
take a 30 second thing without six or
eight minutes and finally got a noose on
his tail we shot him pulled him on
onboard the boat and then started
chewing on our gas lines so he's sitting
there chomping away and Randy goes
somebody better stop that and we're not
gonna be able to get home because we're
like many miles from shore and so I said
give me my softball back I grabbed my
softball back and I went BAM went down
and you know you hit that shark hard
enough and he's finally settled down
then about five minutes later there he
is again mouse up and down
Shuji getting ready to chomp our gas
lines and I the second time when you
know you did it throw the ice pop out
and anyway the shark stopped
I relate pommy not at that level with
you what you're doing but the idea of
somebody said you couldn't do it the
idea if somebody tried to feel bad for
you you grow up poor people give you
money they say oh poor you
oh poor this and you don't even want to
get help like I remember I had a
challenge asking for help for a long
time mm-hmm it was kind of like I don't
want you I don't want you to help me I
don't want you to help I don't need
anybody's help
seems like that's
little bit of a positive thing but also
it's a little bit of a Achilles heel
because it limits you to how much you
can grow because yes you want to prove a
point that you don't need anybody saw
because growing up you had something but
then eventually if you want to do
something big and be able to do it for a
long time you need help from other
people how did you overcome that and in
what was the processing was it your
sister talking to you was it your wife
talking to you how did you go about
saying I don't care I'm okay getting
help now when I was first to ask me on
the show called that's incredible at the
time it was one of the biggest shows on
television and they wanted me to walk
with a white cane I'm not gonna do that
that's a tip-off you know the blind
people do that their face sometimes and
I wasn't I wasn't too polite about it
because I wanted my stuff to stand on
its own
the thing is as the years went on the
vision kept going south and before I
could I could I could when I fight I can
least see how the corner my where my
cell their silhouette of my target I
have a very rare condition it was first
documented 1760 calls child Benes
syndrome is French English is Charles
bonnet syndrome and dr. Oliver Sacks
he's a best-selling author he's written
a number of books on the subject one was
called hallucination the other one was
called the mind's eye and that he calls
this scene with the mind's eye so my
condition is where other people that
have lost their seat just see black they
lost her sight they don't see nothing I
see a 360-degree kaleidoscope of
beautiful vivid every shape of royal
blue blues reds greens every every shape
of and when I'm in the red spectrum
every shape of royal red down to the eo2
everything in the red spectrum and and
then sometimes they will intermix with
each other and then in amongst all this
is every subconscious image you because
he just float around so just picture
yourself underwater with a light shining
and breaking down the prism the light
spectrum and in the water is just
thousands of things floating around
that's my normal state and you can block
me in a vault with no light of any
source and I'm still these things these
these colors as they're just as vivid
and the cool thing is I can I can zoom
in on any particular image zoom it up I
take my beautiful wife in zoom
her around in her bikini whatever you
know and then or or I've designed houses
I built decks and I would engineer my
wife and watch I was sitting there chair
and I watch watch the whole thing I
could through it's like living in
virtual reality
okay I need 12 12 for by 12 so beam and
then there have to be anchored over here
and I'll engineer a big giant project
without a single piece of paper my at
that time my dad was my cutter I say dad
this and the board needs to be 192 and a
quarter inches we cut it we built this
three giant oh I don't know how many
square foot giant deck all different
layers levels and all without a single
piece of paper and all engineered with
this CBS Charles bonnet syndrome now all
of a sudden I I couldn't see anything
anymore anything that's real and see I
could like this I put my hand in front
of my face and I will see it digitized I
guess I'd be like something that's not
flesh looking I don't see things flesh
on it wood bit but I will see something
go back and forth like a pendulum okay I
close my eyes I see the exact same thing
with the colors just as vivid and so I
was no I would go like this and I
couldn't tell that there was nothing
left in other words out of the corner of
my eye I could not see my hand move
because and I didn't know that I had
lost the rest of my side because my CBS
created the vision that I had so then
now I'm running into everything under
the Sun I my wife were sitting there
recliners at night and the phone rings I
dash to answer the phone I ran square
into the corner of the wall I split my
head wide open
she looked from her up for a book and
she said now that one had to hurt when
when you get off the phone
don't forget to wipe up the blood so in
our family me running into things is par
for the course happens every month I
either have a big split face or a black
eye and sadly it's almost always before
I do an interview somehow I managed to
not have one for you and anyway so she
kept trying to get through to me you
need help you need to have you need
someone to walk with you need to touch
somebody you know cuz I just kept
hurting myself and so finally I realized
that nothing what that I was seeing was
real
and that for me was that was as a big of
loss to me as if you just went from year
to zero how that would be to you what
little I had meant as much to me is what
you have means to you because I went
from a independent disabled person to a
dependent disabled person in that I now
needed somebody to touch as I walked I
needed someone either touch me or I
touched them to keep me from walking off
cliffs which I've done falling down
really my wife and I were were she we a
rollercoaster junkies were we've climbed
giant mountains seven foot seven mile
high mountains in Montana and whatever I
do she'll do whatever she does I'll do
she's a man she's men fantasy you've
been married what 28 years 28 years 28
you have a son which name so the name of
your son can you talk about that I mean
obviously you came up with the name no
you came up with my son's our son's name
is ASA spades belt AAS a like King ASA
from the Old Testament and King David's
great-grandson was King ASA and the
Bible says and ASA did what is good and
right in the eyes of the Lord his God he
was one of the good kings and she and
she said it means physician or healer
then my wife said and his middle name
could be spades and I thought he
sustains that's perfect that's the
perfect set name for the son of a car
truck she goes no no we're not naming
our son I said yes but she stepped in it
and once she stepped in it she couldn't
yeah world famous because of his name
people know him all over the world
because and they think I would kill for
Richard Turner son's name he's got the
coolest name in the world and he doesn't
go by Richard or asa turner you after
his father and her mother he goes ASA
spades he goes by the name of ASA spades
you see people that do very well on
their career side with some you know not
necessarily family and then kids and all
that so that kind of becomes complicated
and difficult to do for you you you
become the best at what you do here your
marriage 28 years and you guys seem like
you're having a blast together and then
your son going to where he's at and he's
you know good kid doing the right things
for himself your sister so you become
the best at this but your sister which
is fascinating is she you said she ran
the largest construction company and I
don't in the state of Idaho yeah at one
time they laid more found more concrete
than any other consonant construction
him she doesn't Ram it she ran and was
the owner of it and her name was draught
draught dairy construction they built
big dairies and then it just became
draught construction because they you
know she works on very very large
project ten 20 50 million dollar project
that's amazing what values and
principles that your parents passed on
to you and your sister what were if you
were to say my parents or my mom or dad
always said these three things what were
those things well my dad was just
nothing but a positive influence on my
sister I we always said we had the best
dad in the world my bra all of us buy my
brother says the same thing because he
loved us unconditionally
you know there's in the Greek there's
different types of love a guy eros agape
store GUI
which is the family love arrows philia
which is a frantic French family love
and agape as they like a God level
unconditional type love he loved us with
no congested conditions and he just he
literally gave everything for us into us
and he was just he was just nothing but
an encouragement and here's here's how
he was he'd go hey yo cheat and that's
how my dad addressed his son be
hey yo cheat and you said it with
affection and and he was so proud you
know and so I got my nickname was
Richard Turner the cheat so I went by
that for years if you look at old
publicity things it was always Richard
Turner that cheatin clothes so you'd say
the number one thing from him was the
passing I love to you guys and and and
his the way he did things he did things
to perfection he was he had a seventh
grade education and became where the top
engineers for a number of big big big
big companies yeah and he was start off
as a welder but he would engineer things
and he would do work on projects you
worked on the Alan Shepard jungle in the
first spacecraft all the way up to the
first space shuttle
and he would work on things and the
nuclear-nuclear area and but and he
would come up with ideas but because he
was working for them they got the rights
of the patent he got the pat on the back
if he wasn't you know he could have been
a wealthy man but money meant nothing to
him and whatever he did he did it to
such perfection and I would watch him
growing up he would somebody would come
over and they wanted to build an engine
or whatever he would he would do it and
then I would just be so amazed and I
thought wow I wish I could do that wish
I had talent like that and then when
they would want to pay him and he spent
all the whole week into it he would he
move never would take a dime so we we
talked about Phil Ivey briefly earlier
so what do you think I talked to Phil
Hellmuth and I was asking questions
about him as well obviously you're in
the world so you see a lot of the poker
and all these other things that happens
what do you think about what happened
with Phil Ivey in London well I think he
is owed that money because there's
what's called advantage play and if the
casinos are dealing a game where if they
have something that there's a flaw in
their game with their cards and and you
capitalize on that that is not
considered cheating legally or ethically
and and you know he they he was playing
according to their rules and everything
was wide open and now for them not to
pay him I think it's wrong he deserves
to be paid so so I want to wrap up with
a coach you said at the end of the
documentary I know one thing that I
heard from the variety is the
documentary is now leading to a movie
that they're doing on your life and the
people who were the people that came up
to you that are doing the movie on your
life after watching built a mark order
ski and jane fleming there with court v
he was the executive producer of the the
Lord of the Rings trilogy he won 17
Oscars off that one trilogy alone those
three movies and he's produced you know
60 major motion pictures and they took a
liking to delt and they they were in the
development stages of moving towards a
narrative you said something a
documentary you said I think the loss of
my vision ended up becoming a blessing
it made me who I am and
I am thankful for it I like the way I
see how long did it take you to say that
and believe it 100% well that came from
my beautiful wife Kim it gets back to
your earlier question when I had to face
things she would she would say you got
to get over yourself
you gotta let Excel help from others you
are you you are yes you're Richard
Turner the blah blah blah you know
you're not you're not impervious you're
not Superman even though I like to think
I am sometimes but I'm not anyway she
said you can't fate you can't deal with
what you're not willing to confront if
you're not willing to confront something
you can't deal with it and so she told
me basically
get over yourself accept help from
others and you know when I what what the
heck I don't need it I'm old now I don't
care what people say about me I've made
my mark and yeah so it's been good 25
years but it okay so it's been a long
time it's yet alone yeah
so Richard any final thoughts for
entrepreneurs out there I know you're
you've talked that MIT and you said the
two curse words are hard working on
panatela you mentioned the fact that the
biggest two biggest disabilities in the
world are lazy and procrastination once
you talk a little bit about the mindset
of how you think to get yourself to the
point of being the best of the best I
say don't let anyone tell you
something's impossible you know have a
healthy disregard win someone says
something's impossible I say take
possible out of impossible you know I
understand that time to time we're Delta
Betty handed to that's how we approach
that hand if we choose dough fold wine
quit sit on a pity pot a lot of people
do or take your disadvantage whatever it
is turn it into an asset become like a
soldier and you know become a warrior
and go all-in like we're talking about
with Phil Ivey Ivey go go all-in
that's what separates losers from the
winners you know don't let anyone stop
get in your way and don't don't hit him
or knock him down on the way smile at
him and you'll you know I had a you know
I was kind of like this for a large part
of my
now you're right I am a barn bear but
let's go have some fun that's a great
that's you know for for some some of us
you know we make the lamest excuses to
say well you don't understand what I
went through and what I did this and
what I did that and we use that as a
crutch and I get to the next level and
you're a prime example of somebody that
can go out there and take all the
excuses away by the way we're gonna talk
on a side note about looking at your
calendar on your availability makes it
for inviting you to our conference
because that long as you guys perform
for our guys so they can see I'm sure
after seeing this interview people gonna
be fascinated by the story but you also
get invited to do a lot of functions
right so how do we get a hold you do
they contact your agent do they go on
your website yes
my manager Kim at Richard Turner 50 do
calm my website is Richard Turner 52
that's how many cards are calm but Kim
at in front of that and you get right to
my manager and you know I speak and
perform all over the world I just got
invited to do a television special in
Japan that I'm we're negotiating the
contract on that and I'm that next week
I'll be with Apple and anyway so it is
really fun I enjoy speaking and for some
reason people are inspired or encouraged
when I do even though all I wanted to be
was a performer but now I'm a speaker
performance so I do my car stuff within
my speaking so it's also entertaining ya
know your messages multi-dimensional
it's not one dimension you have a
multi-dimensional message that can
inspire well it's already entertain a
lot of people I think your story can
also inspire tens of millions of people
around the world as well if it hasn't
already yeah a day when I did I had a
special for Japan they said I've been
seen by over a billion people now 214
billion people it's amazing
I know it's creepy that is amazing it's
creepy I think to me to think about that
maybe we won't see my Mowgli old mug mug
so by the way ugly old mountain mug you
look like you belongs in a movie you
look like a Chuck Norris slash like a
Burt Reynolds good-looking model that
should have been in Hollywood doing
movies you had you had the whole thing
if you if you see this documentary
you're gonna see his physique and you're
not gonna believe he's got the chest of
a bodybuilder he's got the arms of a
bodybuilder a fighter
by the way there's a couple things I
want you to do if you watch to see you
were inspired you gotta go watch two
cumin or to really understand the story
in the scope of things because there's
stories videos of him some of this think
we didn't get into in this video here
today and this interview today
so do that too if you do want to book
him reach out to his manner just send
that email over and then three comment
below on what you took away from this
interview and if you haven't subscribed
click on the subscribe button to join
value taemin and if you have to have a
lord button click on that as well to
join a notification squad so with that
being said richard thank you so much for
being on value taming here with us truly
thank you for coming out my pleasure and
here's one thing here's something you
never do when you play for money never
shuffle a deck unionism is so honored to
be here thank you so much that coming up
sweetie thank you okay I'm sure you
played in different types of poker games
I have where the deck is passed around
the table you know where it's do your
deal a deal it goes around you just
handed me a shuffle deck so hey my deal
now watch I'm going to use casino
procedure what I just showed you and I'm
gonna try to do what's called color slug
riffle riffle you do a running cut okay
and another riffle and a cut now we're
gonna deal the hand to hold them you
choose after the fact you can tell me
how many players five six seven how many
over at this table six six okay hold you
put your card there you go perfect 1 2 3
4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 burn and we have a
flop what are those 3 cards 9 of clubs
King of Spades ten of clubs and the 10
is wild remember yeah it's a while you
chose what's that well what's that Jack
of Hearts so right now they're with the
wild card there's possible straight
what's that enough space so there's two
wild cards at table now you're my
partner sitting over here and hand
number 5 just casually raising the limit
let's see what you have in the pocket
was that 10 what's that
so the card you cut to I took care of
business so with that other well a thing
that you would have had a Royal Flush
actually would had five of a cup oh my
gosh we're in the wrong business maybe
we gotta go like around that some
casinos in Europe but then they already
know what yeah everybody knows you're a
time